Rick: *offscreen* Ho ho ho, everybody.

Rick: I check in on him once a year and give him a little *burp* medical *burp* evaluation.

Rick: Don’t worry about your C-C-Christmas, Jerry. *leads Ruben away* Ruben and I’ll be in my workshop while you have another day in Phil Collins’ proverbial paradise.

Rick: Hi Joyce, Leonard. *looks at Jacob* Hello there.

Rick: Morty! A moment of your time?

Rick: He’s in bad shape, Morty.

Rick: Gee, thanks Morty. What kind of monster do you think I am? I-I’m sittin’ here trying to save the guy’s life! (Rick straps a pack with a tube onto Morty’s back and puts an earpiece on his head.) I want you to find Dr. Xenon Bloom. He’ll know what’s goin’ on.

Rick: In Ruben. *shoves a glass oxygen mask onto Morty’s head*

Rick: Ruben on the table, Morty! *hooks up the backpack to the helmet* Look, I-I don’t have time for you to wrap your little walnut around everything. *pulls a shrink ray into view and plugs it in* Hold your breath until the process is over or your lungs will collapse.

Beth: Hey Dad, where’s Morty?

Rick: He’s busy.

Rick (through Morty’s earpiece): Morty, can you hear me? Head North!

Rick: *adjusts his own headset as he stands in the garage* Depending on my aim, you should be just south of the entrance.

Rick: Welcome, Morty. (The scene cuts back to Morty’s view from inside Ruben.) Welcome… (Morty gasps.) …to Anatomy Park!

Rick: It’s a little business venture I’ve been cookin’ up on the side with Dr. Bloom. (Morty enters the park.) An amusement park inside a human body. Science isn’t cheap, Morty. This should really help put a dent in the overhead.

Rick: You got a problem with that last one, Morty?

Rick: Okay, alright, if I sounded a little defensive, it’s because Pirates of the Pancreas was my baby.

Rick: I-I got a lot of push-back when I pitched it, Morty. I guess I’m still a little defensive. Let’s just find Dr. Bloom, alright? I-I’m picking up a distress signal in the liver, Morty.

Rick: Proceed to the liver.

Rick: Liver’s under maintenance. Ruben’s seen some rough years, Morty. Don’t judge. You don’t agree to have a theme park built inside you if your life’s going great.

Rick: No no, Morty. The only monster here is alco— *belch* —holism. (The wolf is mechanically pulled back into the wall.) That is an animatronic werewolf.

Rick: Hey Bloom, it’s Rick. What the hell’s goin’ on here?

Rick: Watch it.

Rick: Just take a deep breath, Ruben.

Rick: Oh, great work, Morty. *pulls a massive syringe form his lab coat* I’ll just cure it, and then—

Rick: Okay. Well I can’t cure death. This is bad, Morty. You’re trapped in a dead man. Listen, if the situation keeps darkening, do yourself a favor—

Rick: —and hop by Pirates of the Pancreas. Obviously I’m biased, but, I think it’s great, Morty.

Rick: *sitting in a lounge chair, pulls out a flask* It’s a bunch of pirates runnin’ around a-a-a- pancreas. We don’t whitewash it either, Morty. The pirates are really rapey. The top priority is to get you guys out of there, but I’m just saying, if that becomes impossible—

Rick: —please, you gotta treat yourself.

Rick (through speaker): Oh. Oh, Morty. Strike one.

Rick (through speaker): Morty, you wanna put it on mute or something? (Annie and Morty both look at Morty’s helmet, startled.)

(Rick is working on a computer, still talking to Morty through his headset.)

Rick: I’m trying to concentrate.

Rick: *holds up a hand without even looking over at him* Not now, Jerry. I’ve got much, much smaller fish to fry.

Rick: Relative… That’s it! Relative size! Jerry, hand me a scalpel and a bundle of dynamite! *into his headset* Morty! Can you get to the left nipple?

Rick (through speaker): Morty, I’m talkin’ about Ruben’s left nipple!

Rick: I’m almost there, Morty!

Rick: Where’s Dr. Bloom?

Rick: Goddamn it, Morty, I ask you to do one thing!

Rick: Too bad about Dr. Bloom. *Rick, Annie, and Morty exit the car* He was a genius. The only man capable of creating a new Anatomy Park.

Rick: What about Pirates of the Pancreas…?

Rick: Booyah! Hold your breath!

Rick: Yeah, so I heard. You dodged a bullet, Morty, trust me. *whispers* Puffy vagina.

Morty: W-What’s wrong with that? That doesn’t sound like a problem to me! I dunno!

Rick: C’mon. Let’s get some stuffing, I’m starving.

Rick: Oh, unbelievable. We got a bunch of robot computer people sittin’ around with their faces stuffed in computer screens. (No one acknowledges him.) Do you realize Christ was born today? Jesus Christ our Savior was born today! A-A-A-Are you people even human? What kind of Christmas is this?

Rick: Loud and clear, Annie.

Rick: Hey everybody.

Rick: Yeah, talk to me.

Alejandro: Hey Rick, it’s Alejandro speaking. Um, so we asked ourselves internally, we asked ourselves over here, “Okay, what does a pancreas do?” (Rick begins to look agitated.) And the answer was, does it make pirates? No. It makes insulin, you know? So we’re starting with a new—

Rick: Those guys are inside you building a piece of shit, Ethan! They’re inside you building a monument to compromise! Fuck 'em. Fuck those people. Fuck this whole thing, Ethan.
